[Music]
failure is always unpleasant however we
can choose whether to get upset or
benefit from them what happens to you is
one side of the story how you react to
it is the other more important sign
bright side found 11 positive sides of
failure number 11 failure develops a
sense of humor failure is often the
source for the best funniest stories
really if you just went grocery shopping
and came back with bags full of yummy
stuff it will unlikely make someone
laugh but your emotional story of how
you spent now are picking all the
ingredients you need for red velvet cake
and then drop them all on the ground at
the parking lot will most definitely
make others laugh if you aren't
naturally inclined to perceive failures
with humor use affirmations this is a
powerful positive thinking technique
which became popular in the 1970s repeat
it write it down say what you want to
bring into your life
I'm self-confident I've got the best job
speak in affirmation as if it's already
true yes use present tense be positive
and specific Oh mind is an interesting
thing number 10 failure helps you accept
yourself accepting not being able to
impress others can be stressful try to
meditate choose a technique that is
right for you and look inside yourself
to calm your mind some offices and
public spaces have special rooms for
meditation however you don't always need
that special room to meditate some
techniques are super simple try feeling
your body and breath focus and take
notice of each and every part of your
body from your toes and up to your head
become present and aware of everything
around you the object every sound every
smell try understanding and accepting
that it is okay not to be the best at
everything
number 9 failure brings friends closer
surround yourself with people that
stimulate your mind instead of just
crying next to you and saying Lisa was a
monster to have dumped you they will
inspire you to turn over a new
get out and try doing something to make
yourself even better this will work as
an unconscious push install reminders of
tasks on your phone this is a conscious
push and will help you keep things under
control
[Music]
number eight failure exercises the mind
change I can't get along with them too
how do I approach him change there's
nothing to be done
- what solution have I not tried you can
turn your favorite heels into your
favorite flats instead of throwing them
away one one heel is broken this model
will work in so many other cases
exercise your mind and it will give you
many creative solutions for any problem
[Music]
number seven failure helps you find
yourself a realist knows a change will
do you good
a ruined dress can help you start a
career of a tailor so when you face
failure smile at it and use it as a
chance to find a new you don't stress
about it instead look for a solution you
are unsure about what is right the dead
cart a square will help you make
decisions quickly and easily ask
yourself four questions what will happen
if this happens what will happen if this
doesn't happen what won't happen if this
happens what won't happen if this
doesn't happen once you analyze the
answers coping with doubts and making
choices is much easier number six
failure brings experience you will have
to accept that the only way to learn is
from experience analyze your actions to
avoid future failures ask yourself these
questions what happened what did I feel
what are the pros and cons of this
situation what could I do next time to
get the best result number five failure
inspires mastery of new things sit down
turn your internal creativity button on
and write down all the possible ways to
reach the goal even the most bizarre and
fantastic ones analyze them and choose
the one that suits you best
you are always late to work because of
traffic jams learn to avoid them taking
a spaceship instead of a car might be
one of those fantastic ways we mentioned
so pick something more real to begin
with a bike might work just fine it is
healthy it will keep you fit and it will
help you navigate through traffic jams
[Music]
number four failure teaches you to
manage your time and tasks better to
plan tasks competently use the
Eisenhower matrix write down all your
tasks dividing them into categories
urges and important not urgent but
important urgent but unimportant not
urgent and unimportant this way you will
see what to pay attention to first
waiting for your toothache to become
absolutely unbearable and only then
visiting the dentists is not an
efficient way of solving your problem it
will be much easier to fix your teeth if
you do regular check-ups with the
dentist it works with so many other
things
number three failure helps you
prioritize you can't win at everything
there we said it you can't be at your
child's school concert and important
business meeting and with your friends
at the bar at the same time so the next
time you fail at something sorry but it
happens to all of us try to accept it
and learn to prioritize even small tasks
relate to greater goals determine the
main goal of your life with a priority
scale assign each of these items its
number by importance health job love
money
friendship entertainment creativity this
will help you prioritize and avoid
failure in the area's most important to
you
[Music]
number two failure introduces you to new
people
there is a theory suggesting that we
indirectly know everyone on the planet
it says we are all six or fewer steps
away from any other person yep that
makes you friends with Madonna even if
your friends don't know a person who can
help you in some matter friends of
friends might you will find someone
eventually number one failure inspires
new accomplishments finally it is time
to show you the smart technique every
successful goal achiever just loves
failure motivates you to set goals and
achieve them let us imagine you met a
girl you really liked and she refused to
go out with you because you don't look
like a hunk the smart med hood will help
in planning new tasks s specific
formulate the goal for example to have a
fit body M measurable determine the
measure for your goal for example a
weight of 130 pounds a attainable how
will you achieve the goal sleep schedule
training nutrition are relevant tasks
you must solve to achieve the goal
replace a TV show episode with cooking a
healthy dinner tea time related
determine the time to reach the goal six
months once you get the desired result
you will see that failure you were sad
about only happened to you to motivate
you remember that life isn't perfect and
failure only brightens it up we hope you
found this video useful there is a like
button to let us know if you did we are
sure the techniques we shared will help
you take the best out of your failures
subscribe to our Channel and always stay
on the bright side of life
you